README.md, before:

# granite #

A set of patches to `Gargoyle` providing some additional features.

## Patches ##
* **Tab Complete** - *event.patch, updated 11.14.2012*  
Pressing tab will cause the program to search through previous story text and find the first word
that starts with what has been typed since the last space, then fill in the rest of the word.

## Install ##
You will need to download the `gargoyle` source, apply the patches that interest you, then compile the modified source.
Below are platform specific instructions.

### Windows ###
Binaries are available for download from the *Downloads* tab. If you would like to patch and compile from source see
the official
[guide](https://code.google.com/p/garglk/wiki/Developers "Guide to compiling Gargoyle from source code.")
for compiling `gargoyle`.

### Mac ###
I do not own a mac, so no binaries are available. For now see the official
[guide](https://code.google.com/p/garglk/wiki/Developers "Guide to compiling Gargoyle from source code.")
for compiling `gargoyle`.

### Ubuntu ###
Although the below command are tailored for `ubuntu`, they should be similar for any linux ditro.

Download the `granite` source and enter the directory. Alternatively you could download the source as a zip by clicking
the *zip* button above.

    git clone git://github.com/RedHatter/granite.git
    cd granite
    
Install the dependences necessary to compile `gargoyle`.

    sudo apt-get install ftjam subversion libjpeg-dev libpng-dev libsdl-mixer1.2-dev libsdl-sound1.2-dev
    libfreetype6-dev libgtk2.0-dev ttf-liberation ttf-linux-libertine

Download the `gargoyle` source.

    svn co http://garglk.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ ./
    
Apply the patches. Repeat replacing `event.patch` for as many patches as you wish to apply.

    patch -p1 < event.patch
    
Compile the patched `gargoyle` source.

    jam install
    cp garglk/garglk.ini build/dist
    
Run the compiled version of Gargoyle.

    cd build/dist
    export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=.:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
    ./gargoyle
    
That's it, have fun.

Commit message:

Click to Insert patch is done. Edited README.

README.md, after:

# granite #

A set of patches to `Gargoyle` providing some additional features.

## Patches ##
* **Tab Complete** - *updated 11.14.2012*  
Pressing tab will cause the program to search through previous story text and find the first word
that starts with what has been typed since the last space, then fill in the rest of the word.

* **Click to Insert** - *updated 11.17.2012*  
Double clicking on a word will insert it onto the end of the input line.

## Install ##
You will need to download the `gargoyle` source, apply the patches that interest you, then compile the modified source.
Below are platform specific instructions.

### Windows ###
Binaries are available for download from the *Downloads* tab. If you would like to patch and compile from source see
the official
[guide](https://code.google.com/p/garglk/wiki/Developers "Guide to compiling Gargoyle from source code.")
for compiling `gargoyle`.

### Mac ###
I do not own a mac, so no binaries are available. For now see the official
[guide](https://code.google.com/p/garglk/wiki/Developers "Guide to compiling Gargoyle from source code.")
for compiling `gargoyle`.

### Ubuntu ###
Although the below command are tailored for `ubuntu`, they should be similar for any linux ditro.

Download the `granite` source and enter the directory. Alternatively you could download the source as a zip by clicking
the *zip* button above.

    git clone git://github.com/RedHatter/granite.git
    cd granite
    
Install the dependences necessary to compile `gargoyle`.

    sudo apt-get install ftjam subversion libjpeg-dev libpng-dev libsdl-mixer1.2-dev libsdl-sound1.2-dev
    libfreetype6-dev libgtk2.0-dev ttf-liberation ttf-linux-libertine

Download the `gargoyle` source.

    svn co http://garglk.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ gargoyle
    
Apply the patches. Repeat replacing `file.patch` for as many patches as you wish to apply.

    patch -p0 < file.patch
    
Compile the patched `gargoyle` source.

    jam install
    cp garglk/garglk.ini build/dist
    
Run the compiled version of Gargoyle.

    cd build/dist
    export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=.:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
    ./gargoyle
    
That's it, have fun.
